Add Hub Hero to list of commercial JupyterHub providers (#131)
jupyter4edu/jupyter-edu-book: 06-getting-your-class-going-with-jupyter.md

    like a way to create a course, invite students, and deploy
    auto-graded assignments.

> * HubHero ([https://hubhero.net](https://hubhero.net)) provides dependable

Reviewer: Since we, the book authors, haven't tried the service, we should avoid assessments like "dependable."

>   JupyterHub servers for teaching professionals. For courses of up to about 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  JupyterHub servers for teachers. For courses of up to about 30
```

>   students we offer [the community install](https://hubhero.net/community/) which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  students they offer [the community install](https://hubhero.net/community/) which
```
